I am the final winner
As long as Chu Tomb is dead
I am the one and only king in the world
Hahahahaha
Jiang Yuan, what if you borrow more?
The final winner is still me
I'm still the queen in the end
You thief still don't kneel down
General Qian, what are you doing?
Put the gun down!
I don't care about you
I'll tell you what.
Now only I can be emperor
If you kill it, the world will be in chaos
Hahahaha
You put the gun down now
Let me be a spark
I can still make you marching commander
Hahahaha
Who else can stop me?
Who died?
As if you are all right
This is the amulet we bought on the street
You scared the concubine to death
What's the matter? Is it credited?
Where are you going? Let me see
You saved me
I can not kill you
But you spend the rest of your life in a cold palace
The decree sent the Western Concubine into the cold palace
Warriors are not allowed to come out
Yes
Stop